PLUG-111- Added Analytics Id For Mermaid User (#49)
Mermaid-Chart/plugins: .changeset/nice-buttons-happen.md

---
'@mermaidchart/sdk': patch
---

> Added analyticsID, avatarUrl, mermaidTheme, and mermaidLook to MCUser.

Reviewer: Maybe this is clearer as to what this PR is actually doing?

```suggestion
Add `analyticsID`, `avatarUrl`, `mermaidTheme`, and `mermaidLook` return types to `getUser()`
```
